Docs/seo updates (#36083)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/state/taint.mdx

---

> page_title: Recreate resources overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Recreate resources
```

> description: The -replace flag and taint command help you replace infrastructure objects. Learn how the -replace flag and taint command can help you recreate resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The -replace flag and taint command let you recreate infrastructure objects.
```

---

> # Recreate resources overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Recreate resources
```
